Add DTOs for project registration and management (#167)
qbicsoftware/data-model-lib: CHANGELOG.rst

This project adheres to `Semantic Versioning <https://semver.org/>`_.

2.3.0
--------

**Added**

> * ``ProjectIdentifier``, ``ProjectCode``, ``ProjectSpace`` and ``Project`` to describe QBiC projects
> * ``ProjectApplication`` to describe a project application for registration at QBiC's data management platform

Reviewer: Please also provide the complete identifier since this can lead to problems later (we have multiple Person classes for example).
```suggestion
* ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagement.ProjectIdentifier``, ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagement.ProjectCode``, ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagement.ProjectSpace`` and ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagementProject`` to describe QBiC projects
* ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagementProjectApplication`` to describe a project application for registration at QBiC's data management platform
```

```suggestion
* ``ProjectIdentifier``, ``ProjectCode``, ``ProjectSpace`` and ``Project`` to describe QBiC projects in ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagement``
* ``ProjectApplication`` to describe a project application for registration at QBiC's data management platform in ``life.qbic.datamodel.dtos.projectmanagement``
```
